Yes, just one change for France and it's a big one. Antoine DuPont returning. Just 24 days after
suffering that fractured cheekbone. Cyril Byte, Petto Malvaca and Winnie Atonio are the front row
for France this evening. A huge night ahead for two French locks. Perhaps no more for their
mobility than power. Cameron Wocky, who was born in South and he just down the road, teams up with
T-bone flammel. Anthony Jellon only recently returned playing at the six months out with an
ACL injury. He's in the back row with Lara Shell number eight, Greg Aldrin and Frances Topp,
tri-scoring Ford, obel-time, Charles Ollibon. Has that famous cheekbone fully healed? Well,
we will find out. It's a 20th test that's captain for Antoine DuPont. Fly-heart, much
is Jellibon. Has made the number ten shot all his own at this tournament. Jonathan Donte has
won each of his last 18 tests playing for France. His combination with the fence captain Gail
Ficku could be crucial. Louis BLBRA only turned 20 in June this year. He plays his first game at
the Stad de France. Damien Peno has seven tries in his last seven tests. The fullback Thomas Ramos
is the leading point scorer at the World Cup. 13 of the France match day 23 have never lost
at this stadium. Well, seven of the South African match day squad played in their previous two
World Cup quarterfinal. Stephen Kitsop gets a start at loose head prop. A big responsibility
again for Bonge, Ilmanambi and Hookah. After that tournament ending injury to Malcolm Marks,
France, Mel Herbert plays in a third quarterfinal. Only Brian Habana and Vixermatfield have more
sprung more caps than even that's a bet. He teams up with the equally abrasive Franco
Moster in the second row. Syracalisi leads South Africa for a 51st time. The oldest player in
the squad, Dwayne Van Nuleen, takes over at number eight. Former World Player of the year,
Peter Stepke Toye, where seven. A big selection call at nine and ten. Cobus Reiner and Mani Libak
are preferred to fat the clerk at Andre Pollard who are on the bench this evening. Two World Cup
winners in the midfield, Damien Dehlindy and Jesse Creel. Creel has three tries in his previous
five tests against France. South Africa, a yet to score a counter attack try at this World Cup.
That could change with the likes of Chesslyn Colby. Curly Aronsa and Damien Hilmsa,
seaming up in the back three. Perhaps surprisingly, again, there's five forwards and three backs on
the South African bench, but plenty of power and talent to call upon as usual.
A nation united for a World Cup dream. Back in Paris after a road trip around the country,
a tour to France, if you like. France and South Africa for a place in the semi-final,
Leblah looking to continue their quest for World Cup glory. There's also cats in France
on many occasions. There's a little bink over the top from Dupont. It's for Jalibere and the
fly half has scooped it up for France. Dupont already making things happen and look at Louis,
B.O. B.O. Ray. Almost. It's a Malvaca for Cameron Wauke.
And they're rumbling forward, France. They're almost there. Malvaca.
Change it direction from Wauke, penalty advantage France, Peno for zero by.
And we're barely three minutes in and already the roof is lifted off the Stad de France.
But look at the slick hands of the bag of the skip. Good pass, Peno in the finish by the big number one.
Cirol by.
Davis Rhinoch tries to charge it down, but the flags are up very clever from the vastly experienced
evidence of it. He's 111st match tonight. His BLB alright, the young 20 year old Tyro coming in
off his left wing. Gregory Older again.
Turn on the South Africa.
To win the Mule and involved in that I think. Vitcher number right, kick Ty.
Let's go on backwards and look at Curly, Adam, Adam says got space in front of him.
And he will score for South Africa.
Against the run of play.
The spring box had their first try the night.
Making all or nothing play the back end of it after the turn over from Dwayne,
Ben Mule and up high. Rhinoch becomes a 50-50 ball there. Let's get here. Curly, Aronser can fly.
12 tries in his previous 12 test matches coming into this quarter final. Curly, Aronser.
He is lightning.
And there wasn't anything that some at Ramos could do about that.
Shot clocks down to five seconds.
Tries to curve it round and he does.
Donty. So often the source of momentum for France.
Penalty.
We won't have the distance. It hits the upright.
Villains up.
Don't take it on the first grab.
Step to toy wins the line out.
That's a little unstraight but they carry on.
Here's Aronser the tri-scorer through a half gap offloads Jesse Creel now.
It's slightly leading with the left arm. That's what the crowd are unhappy about.
Here's Lubbock. High crossfield kick.
Wokey, but it's in the hands of Dale Indy.
Tommy and Dale Indy still going the inside centre.
South Africa looking for their second try.
A Dale Indy will score it for the screen box.
We're Curly, Aronser.
Decided to take it in.
Couple of passes here.
Went to ground.
Creel was the one in the end that set it up.
Which allowed them to get their line sorted for the cross kick from Lubbock.
And from there it becomes a 50-50 ball.
Look at all the chases.
Green Jersey, Foucault can't handle it.
This guy here, I'm a real fan of him.
Dale Indy goes straight ahead but look at that.
If it on effort, play from the number 12.
It gets off off the deck.
It gets back into play.
And then gets the score.
Well, only Jean de Villiers has started more.
Laser-like pass from Dupont, this yellow there.
Ramos, Peno.
Back inside to Dupont.
Ramos now.
They pick and go, Dupont.
See if Colisey asks the referee.
Can I have a go at that?
He said, yes.
And that's exactly what the screen box captain has done.
But Dupont still have the ball.
I think they do.
Malvaca.
She got flammable.
That's a done to you again.
And France, do you get the penalty?
And Dupont's going to play quickly.
And Swan Dupont.
Malvaca, he scores.
And now Malvaca.
Here's the initial go for it.
From Donte, the quick tip from the everywhere Dupont Mania's class
in the pass to finish.
Well, the impact he's making already.
It's incredible, isn't it?
And Jellibar spoke about it during the week.
Like he said, he knows he's capable of making such a big difference.
He inspires that fear in opponents that the France fly off.
Ramos.
It's been charged down by Chesslyn Colby.
It remains 12 each.
Oh, effort plays as a coach.
This is what you love.
He takes a long time and has won up.
And this guy is super quick.
I'm going to hook up by Crook, France.
I brought this line out down.
Cyril by again.
So thrilled to have him back after missing a few
going to that calfstrain.
He's all drip now.
So often that the primary ball carrier for France.
Antonio from Laryshell.
This ball was out.
The ball's out.
Says the referee.
Good lines me from South Africa.
And they've got possession.
Here's Jesse Creel.
Put it on the toe.
Chesslyn Colby.
It sits up for him.
Chesslyn Colby.
Is absolutely lightning.
Put South Africa.
It's picked up.
Laryshell by the toy.
It's been touched by green.
Got recognition from Creel.
To kick this ball through.
And this guy here's got box office.
Bean.
Chesslyn Colby.
Well, they're called score to try
in the World Cup final.
Four years ago in Japan.
Well, what a sight that is,
Chesslyn Colby in full flight.
Now he'll live it.
He's hit it very well, though.
Please get it restarted on him.
Six kicks for Manson Dupont.
Attacking kicks as well.
Melvacher comes around the corner.
The dummy from the hooker.
Good tackle for Mel Herba.
The tight head prop.
He's done to.
Cruncher over the line.
Cheering for the score.
Cyril By.
And he has a second try for France.
They get their third try of the half.
And the conversion.
Well, level it up once more.
Faka with a good hold off the line out.
And he's got a second try for France.
They get their third try of the half.
And the conversion.
Well, level it up once more.
Off the line out.
The move was actually given the pass there,
but he saw up a bit of space.
And then Don, do we know he loves this part of the field?
He hits it up on the back of that rock.
Because he just stood the left hand side.
Great body position.
Great power.
Bygots too.
In the six nations for the last three years for France.
That's our crucial he is.
Ramos.
Jensen over for the extra two.
Well, level at 19.
France have a penalty advantage.
Here's Don to you again.
Loose ball out the back to Jalabé out.
Get away from Jesse Creole as much as Jalabé out.
Flicks it out the back for Peno.
It's gone behind him.
Gold is off to the races, but they'll go back for the penalty advantage.
So I'm just going to give you some space.
So Brendan coming upstairs to you.
Got the teacher of foul play.
Go on the book screen and we'll let you know what we're going to do.
Yes, Ben, I'm going to show you.
Hit on hit contact by some Africa four.
Since it's a ten minute to say.
Oh yeah.
Crown of the head too.
There is mitigation, I think, with them dipping.
So we've got direct hit on hit contact.
It is foul play.
You need to be lower.
So it's a yellow card.
It's foul play.
And a review.
But that's a bad.
Goes to the send in.
Tomat Ramos to put France in front.
And he does just that as we go to halftime.
Entertainment plus in the first 40 minutes here at the stand.
The France three tries a piece.
Manchester Jalabé gets us back under way.
40 minutes from a semi-final.
Six.
Vantage.
Vantage to France.
Two pop complete.
He goes the short side to Jalabé.
Steps away from one defender.
Hit the penalty advantage.
The crowd will tell the story.
Tomat Ramos is the first point of the second half.
Almost making the decision of what to do here.
Archis Naiman to Bumulan.
To Clark.
Advancing South Africa twisting, looking for the try.
To Clark.
Advancing South Africa twisting, looking for the try.
20 release.
No, you've got the penalty advantage for upside.
To Clark.
You invited offside.
Finds one of his forwards.
This for free.
To Clark to Edsonbeth.
Edsonbeth has the try for South Africa.
Careful, careful, careful.
To take that tip.
But look at the big boy.
Edsonbeth, go rumble.
He gets you some, son.
His sixth test.
Jalabé gets us back under way.
Approaching the final 10 minutes.
South Africa Noah got there.
Very well for France.
And they've one possession here.
Dupont skips away.
Loose ball, Wokey's there.
Anything, anything anyone?
Here is the fence coming in from
Diel Fury.
Penalty again.
To South Africa.
Thank you.
Pollard from 52 meters.
The flags are up.
France needs a recycle.
They do so.
Waddy hasn't been he's roughed up by the club.
Advancing France.
He'll need knowledge.
Ramos is going to cross kick with the free hit.
It's too heavy.
Colby marks and they'll come back.
Well, now there's a decision to be made.
What they do with this penalty.
Ramos straight down the middle.
No problem.
We're back to a one point game in the quarter final.
Tauper for Noah.
Leave there.
No, he's going.
King, that's good.
Raise up Waddy.
Just takes his time.
Needs to get low here.
But what a carry.
That is.
He's lost the ball.
The clock's in the red.
And says like Colby.
South Africa.
Power on to the semi final.
French World Cup dreams are shattered.
That's what we're going to do.
Power on to the semi final.
French World Cup dreams are shattered.
